The DOMjudge scoreboard
-----------------------

The scoreboard is the canonical overview for anyone interested in the contest,
be it jury, teams or the general public. This file describes how it works and
how you can change the way it looks and behaves.


Colours and sorting
-------------------
Each problem can be associated with a specific colour, e.g. the colour of the
corresponding balloon that is handed out. DOMjudge can display this colour on
the scoreboard, if you fill in the 'color' attribute in the 'problem' table;
set it to a valid CSS colour value (e.g. "green" or "#ff0000", although a name
is preferred for displaying colour names).

It's possible to have different categories of teams participating, this is
controlled through the 'team_category' table. Each category has its own
background colour in the scoreboard. This colour can be set with the 'color'
attribute to a valid CSS colour value.

If you wish, you can also define a sortorder in the category table. This is
the first field that the scoreboard is sorted on. If you wish regular teams
to be sorted first, but after them you want to sort both spectator- and
business teams equally, you define "0" for the regular category and "1" for
the other categories.


Starting and ending
-------------------
The displayed scoreboard will always be that of the most recently started
contest. The scoreboard is never displayed for a contest that still has to
start. In other words, the scores will become visible on the first second of
a contest start time.

When the contest ends, the scores will remain to be displayed, until a next
contest starts.


Freezing and defrosting
-----------------------
DOMjudge has the option to "freeze" the public- and team scoreboards at some
point during the contest. This means that scores are no longer updated and
remain to be displayed as they were at the time of the freeze. This is often
done to keep the last hour interesting for all. The scoreboard freeze time can
be set with the 'lastscoreupdate' attribute in the contest table.

If you do not set any freeze time, this option does nothing. If you set it,
the public- and team scoreboards will not be updated anymore once this time
has arrived. The jury will however still see the actual scoreboard.

Once the contest is over, the scores are not automatically "unfrozen". This
is done to keep them secret until e.g. the prize ceremony. You can release
the final scores to team- and public interfaces when the time is right. You
can do this either by setting a predefined 'unfreezetime' in the contest
table, or you push the "unfreeze scores now" button in the jury webinterface,
under contests.


Clickability
------------
Almost every cell is clickable in the jury interface and gives detailed
information relevant to that cell. This is (of course) not available in the
team and public scoreboards.


Caching
-------
The scoreboard is not recalculated on every page load, but rather cached in
the database. It should be safe for repeated reloads from many clients. In
exceptional situations (should never occur in normal operation, e.g. a bug
in DOMjudge), the cache may become inaccurate. The jury administrator interface
contains an option to recalculate a fresh version of the entire scoreboard. You
should use this option only when actually necessary, since it puts quite a
load on the database.


$Id$
